1 : The more you trust yourself, the less you compare yourself to others. : Roy T. Bennett
2 : If we learn to open our hearts, anyone, including the people who drive us crazy, can be our teacher. : Pema Chodron
3 : Successful people do what unsuccessful people are not willing to do. : Jim Rohn
4 : No man is more cheated than the selfish man. : Henry Ward Beecher
5 : Power is not what we do but what we do not - hasty and unwise actions that we repeat every day and which ultimately bring us into trouble. : Robert Greene
6 : People who are unable to motivate themselves must be content with mediocrity, no matter how impressive their other talents. : Andrew Carnegie
7 : Be thankful for what you have; you'll end up having more. If you concentrate on what you don't have, you will never, ever have enough.  : Oprah Winfrey
8 : The big secret in life is that there is no big secret. Whatever your goal, you can get there if you're willing to work. : Oprah Winfrey
9 : Remember, hope is a good thing, maybe the best of things. : Stephen King
10 : Your life does not get better by chance, it gets better by change. : Jim Rohn
11 : If the only prayer you ever say in your entire life is thank you, it will be enough. : Meister Eckhart
12 : You drown not by falling into a river, but by staying submerged in it. : Paulo Coelho
13 : Great things are not accomplished by those who yield to trends and fads and popular opinion. : Jack Kerouac
14 : The most virtuous are those who content themselves with being virtuous without seeking to appear so. : Plato
15 : I was angered, for I had no shoes. Then I met a man who had no feet.  : Chinese Proverb
16 : It is only depth of character that determines the profundity with which we face life. : Ming-Dao Deng
17 : Mind is the creator of everything. You should therefore guide it to create only good. : Paramahansa Yogananda
18 : It does not matter how slowly you go so long as you do not stop. : Confucius
19 : Life is a gift. Never forget to enjoy and bask in every moment you are in. : Celestine Chua
20 : Facts are the enemy of truth.  : Miguel de Cervantes
21 : You miss 100% of the shots you don't take. : Wayne Gretzky
22 : There's no coming to consciousness without pain : Carl Jung
23 : Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day. Teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime. : Lao Tzu
24 : Opportunities multiply as they are seized. : Sun Tzu
25 : Enthusiasm makes up for a host of deficiencies. : Barack Obama
26 : You will have bad times, but they will always wake you up to the stuff you weren't paying attention to. : Robin Williams
27 : Two roads diverged in a wood, and I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference. : Robert Frost
28 : Some of the greater things in life are unseen; that's why you close your eyes when you kiss, cry, or dream. : Unknown
29 : The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus. : Bruce Lee
30 : The deeper the truth in a creative work, the longer it will live.   : Charlie Chaplin
31 : Before preparing to improve the world, first look around your own home three times.  : Chinese Proverb
32 : You may be one person in this world, but to one person you may mean the world. : Unknown
33 : When you dance, your purpose is not to get to a certain place on the floor. It's to enjoy each step along the way.   : Wayne Dyer
